Welcome back.
Now, what I'm going to do is that I'm going to show you a real example of a scale injection and what
hackers could do to your application.
So here I have this very simple application that is a application that is usually used in colleges and
in many systems, actually, not just colleges, but in many systems they use a kind of a a searching
functionality that allows users to find their results or their information or query about something
about a specific thing.
So this is an example of finding a user or a student information.
It could be our results, exam results or other information.
But hackers could use this to harm cause harm to the to the site or to the organization or other even
other students.
So let me show you an example.
Here we have this.
Good.
And suppose that you have a beach because that gets user information or student information.
So he suppose that first you need to include remember, we need to include the include once we need
to include the configuration to connect the database config that BHP.
And then suppose that you have your.
Because that's going to get the that's going to get the.
Let's use get.
That's going to get the idea from here.
That's going to get the ID from the user.
So this is going to take the ID from from the user and get their information.
So here I'm going to say user I.D..
So if you are the asset and is not empty.
I'm here.
Get.
User ID.
So this is going to get the user I.D. limit here and get.
I'm going to say user I.D. is equal to.
Get user I.D..
And suppose that you have your equity.
Suppose that you have my is I.
Query.
That takes the connection from the remember the connection from the config here this connection invaluable
and it takes also the and for example select.
Select.
From.
Select all from.
Users where user ID is equal to the user ID user ID.
And then this is going to obviously return result.
This is going to return result.
The result is going to be equal to this as opposed to you just want to display the result to the user.
You could say while we're all.
Is equal to my scale, I.
And then fetch us results.
And then you could just echo the result or display the results basically here echo the raw.
Say your first.
We have the user name.
User underscore name.
And Echo.
Space here.
Let's let's have them in one line.
I'm going to say your space and then that.
And then here I'm going to add also that the concatenate you has to contain it and then I'm going to
say row.
And then user email.
So this is what this code is going to do.
And here for for this, we need to say here the name is user ID.
User underscore ID.
And the the method is going to be get and the action is going to be for slash.
So this is this.
This script is just going to get a user from a database given their their ID.
So the user is going to give you their ID.
And your responsibility is to go to the do your database, end up in the user's table and get the information,
get their user name and email.
So here, let's test this.
Let me here refresh and suppose that you are an ethical user and you just want to get your information.
You would just type your ID.
So suppose that I type you one, I'm going to say here one and then I'm going to click on find.
If I click on find, I'm going to get my name and my email.
There's nothing wrong with this.
As you can see, if my ID was one, I would get my name and my my email.
If my I.D. was to say two, I would get my email, add my my name.
There is no problem with this at all.
And of course, each user must have a unique ID and they should.
It's it's a student's responsibility to keep their ID safe and not to give their IDs to other to other
students so that they don't.
Query each other's information.
But let's now talk about hackers and what hackers could do to your application.
So here you can see this code.
Base code is fine.
There is no problem with it.
But hackers could instead of passing here, instead of passing an I.D., for example, 1 to 3 or even
a long ID, they could pass an obscure ill query that could do something about your application.
So they could, for example, say.
One or or one is equal to one.
So if you click on find here, guess what you are going to get?
Everybody's everybody's name and email.
As you can see, I got all people's all students emails and names.
So hackers, good with just a simple command, could get everything from your database.
This is one.
This is just one of so many problems they could cause or do to your application.
So they could.
This one is is simple.
Getting information getting information from your database.
And this information could be could be important information.
And they could use this against you or they could use this against students or users.
They could use their emails for to to access their accounts and other websites.
So this is one only one of so many problems that they could do.
Another thing that they could do is that they could delete your database.
They could delete your users.
Imagine you are you run a business and you have a very important table that contains maybe payments.
It could contains orders.
They could delete everything.
Let me show you what they could do.
So suppose here that you have your my askew ill here my ask ill multi multi underscore query.
So if you are using this to, for example, instead of here, I'm going to show me this.
Suppose that now you are you are not displaying results.
You are just taking maybe something from the user in order to do something in the back end without displaying
anything to the user without displaying anything.
So here, suppose that you are here a business.
That maybe here you are asking users to give to give their order.
Order it in order to do something with that ID in the back end.
Maybe maybe you are just going to say yea if result is correct, if result if this is true, you may
just say echo and then.
Successful.
Your request re west was.
Ross.
Processed.
Successfully.
So this is another example you are just getting.
So here, supposing that you are getting an order here, I'm just going to keep using it because I'm
going to keep using the user ID because in this example I still have the user I.D., so I need to use
the user I.D..
But suppose that this is an order.
You get the point, but suppose that this is an order and your your responsibility is to get that order
ID in order to do something behind the scenes and just return the result.
So.
A hacker, what the hacker could do.
Let me show you what an ethical user could do.
First, an ethical user name.
You remove all of this.
An ethical user, which would just type the order in and just click on request or find or whatever it
is.
And here it's just going to say your order was processed successfully.
There is no problem with it.
However, however, what the hacker could do.
Is that we could inject battery.
Let me show you what we could do to delete this table completely.
So this table, I want you to click on this table and show you that this table now exists.
As you can see, the user's table exists.
Now, if I am a bad user name, let's suppose that I'm a hacker and I'm going to say here four and then
semicolon, and then I'm going to say drop, drop table users and then I'm going to click on Find.
Guess what?
Guess what's going to happen if I save it?
If I click on find here, I'm going to get this result.
Your your request was processed successfully.
However, the table was deleted.
Leave limit refresh and show you that the table has been deleted.
As you can see, if you click on your database, you will find that no tables found in database.
So the user table was deleted.
Who deleted the table?
I because I here was acting as a hacker and they injected a bad request, a bad excuse that deleted
the table completely.
And suppose imagine that table.
Imagine that this table contains maybe it contains important information, important info such as payments
or orders or could be deliveries.
Delivery.
So many important things could be in your in your table and a hacker could just.
Or a bad user.
It doesn't have to be a hacker.
Even there are bad user users who aren't qualified to be hackers.
Could do this to your application.
So these were just simple examples of what users could do to harm your application or do bad things
to your application.
And next, I'm going to be showing you how to protect your application against these types of bad practices
and against these types of attacks.